# Natalie's Accordion Corner

This area of my site is dedicated to one of my favorite instruments: The Accordion! These days, the accordion seems to be a pretty niche instrument. A lot of people even straight up hate accordions. I want this to be a space where I can passionately write about the accordion and my journey learning it!

=> collection.gmi My Accordions
=> faq.gmi Accordion FAQ
=> blog Squeeze Blog

## Why Accordion?

I just thing it's a really cool and fun instrument! It's like a handheld organ you can take anywhere! It's pretty versatile as a solo instrument. And you get to hug your instrument all the time. :)

I think most importantly... it's just super fun and exciting to play. The accordion is a complex piece of machinery and getting your hands to coordinate and operate it properly feels almost like you're controlling a weird steampunk mechanism... that makes music! The movement of the bellows also in a way forces you to physically entrain with the music you're playing in a way that makes it more satisfying to play the accordion compared to some other instruments I play.

## Accordion WWW Linkz

=> https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuAKiLqtxYnvtJnKlL_1nJg My Youtube Channel
=> https://nydana.se/accordion.html Nydana's Accordion Resources
=> https://github.com/3araht/giabalanai Giabalanai: A Chromatic Button Accordion Mechanical Keyboard MIDI Controller
=> https://www.youtube.com/c/JacksonParodi Jackson Parodi (Youtube)
=> https://www.youtube.com/c/charanporantan_official Charan Po Rantan (Youtube)
=> https://www.youtube.com/c/moshezuchter/ Ronen from Accordion Love (Youtube)
=> https://www.youtube.com/c/MrACCORDION Mr. ACCORDION (Youtube)

## Coming Soon:

* Accordion Sheet Music
* More? Idk!